en, zh: Update description about `toolImage` field of BR (#1287)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-restore-overview.md

* `.spec.metadata.namespace`: The namespace where the `Backup` CR is located.
* `.spec.toolImage`: The tool image used by `Backup`.
    - When using BR for backup, you can specify the BR version in this field.
        - If the field isn't specified, or the value is empty, image `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup by default.

>         - If the value contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.0.1`, specified image is used for backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If the value contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.1.0`, specified image is used for backup.
```

>         - If the value does not contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: your_image`, image `your_image:${tikv_version}` is used for backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If the value does not contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: private/registry/br`, image `private/registry/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup.
```

* `.spec.metadata.namespace`: The namespace where the `Backup` CR is located.
* `.spec.toolImage`: The tool image used by `Backup`.

>     - When using BR for backup, you can specify the BR version in this field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    - When using BR for backup, you can specify the BR version in this field.
```

>         - If the field isn't specified, or the value is empty, image `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - If the field is not specified or the value is empty, the `pingcap/br:${tikv_version}` image is used for backup by default.
```

>         - If the value contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.1.0`, specified image is used for backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - If the BR version is specified in this field, such as `.spec.toolImage: pingcap/br:v5.1.0`, the image of the specified version is used for backup.
```

>         - If the value does not contains tag, like `.spec.toolImage: private/registry/br`, image `private/registry/br:${tikv_version}` is used for backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - If the BR version is not specified in the field, such as `.spec.toolImage: private/registry/br`, the `private/registry/br:${tikv_version}` image is used for backup.
```
